---
published: false
---
Welcome to a bonus **Knowledge•Day** issue. Why? Today marks half year anniversay of this newsletter.  

It's been 6 months - 30 posts in, I've learned a lot, I've served a lot. This has been an awesome journey and I'd like to start this issue by thanking you. Doesn't matter if you signed up at the start or did last week, just gotta say you're awesome! and I'm glad to have you <3  

before I begin with the data, I have a request form you. Please respond *now* or after the *end of this issue* by [replying back](mailto:) on **What one thing would you prefer to change about this newsletter?**  

--------

Just like the [first quarter issue](https://knowledgeday.in/a-quarter-of-texts/) I'm going to bring up some numbers first and then I'll proceed with journey since the last update. It's no small I tell you.  

As was the last analytics status. I still do not track email opens. Means I have no clue how many of my readers open my email. All I have is sign up counts.  

- I've seen **37% new subscribers** in this quarter. Actually pretty low in real numbers, but I'm still happy.  
- I've also had to see **2** people **unsubscribe** in this quarter. That's two more than the first one. :'(  
- Responses have slowed down. **13 responses** in total for the last 12 issues. Versus 45 in the first quarter.

While it all sounds low, I'm hopeful this quarter is gonna change graph direction as I've changed some priorities for the road ahead (Next section covers that).

-----

# The story so far

> ***Quick Recap***: KD started over on a newsletter platform [Revue](http://getrevue.co/), then I took it off after two of my issues got crumbled randomly. So I built a small email newsletter program (in C#) and started sending issues with that, with online version for each issue being posted on [telegraph](http://telegra.ph/).
Soon I felt the lack of open eyes, and shifted the online version to [medium](https://medium.com/), which helped me with some eyes. Emails were still being triggered through my small program, there was a lot of manual intervention involved for each issue. I had to edit the content html for each post. Lot's of extra work.  
Even though [one of my medium posts](https://medium.com/the-capital/from-bitcoin-to-mining-to-halving-all-explained-like-were-five-3ca5ba2cef8) got publication eyes and was requested to be published under their publication (that's amazing), yet I still kinda felt something lacking and wanted control over the online view too.

That was a lot of transitions in the first quarter. I'm not sure if it was called for. I'm sure just switching the newsletter platform was gonna fix the issues I was faing with Revue. But being a programmer, I wanted to do it myself. Because why not, I have had huge learnings running this newsletter. Both in tech and non-tech.  
Let's continie...




This newsletter began as an escape from my entirely tech centric lifestyle and a means to spread the unimportant information that I come across, while I lurk on the internet.

It's still almost the same. 

# The End
That's it. As said, no knowledge this week. I like talk through the experience as I progress
